LoZ bear crapper here so as you can see
we made a new feeder I'll show you how
it's made and we found that these bore
birds are just throwing the food out so
expensive so came from Parker preppers
showed me how to make these so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna try to get
a video of the mama birds come here your
mama
give me your mommy there we go so they
go right in there and they can eat ya
and Lauren or with worms just put a
piece in there and they don't spill as
much and there you have it you just take
the lid off to fill it it's an amazing
thing and they can get it from either
side not a bad project and hopefully it
will prevent all of this food waste this
is a feeder for the chickens I'd like to
thank Kay from Parker Preppers for
showing me this it is awesome and Kay I
can't wait to see you and looking
forward to your visit so let's show you
how we did this so you take a 90 degree
elbow and you cut off one rim use the
cheap ones don't go getting oh schedule
forty ones use the really cheap ones
just cut off one side and then you cut a
matching hole
by just laying it on it and marking it
and then you slide it in I have to use
two hands to do this because we made it
a nice tight fit so as you see it looks
like a funny contraption the chickens
stick their head in there and eat the
food and they have two ways to get in
we're gonna make three of these not
today but we're gonna make three one for
scratch and two for feed and should give
us enough for two weeks you look inside
now I made them two different heights
coming off the ground this one's
probably a little high it's like four
inches and this one's like three inches
which is probably a better height you
could probably even go lower to two
inches but the food just falls
underneath and they eat no mess and went
into the chicken coop and there's
probably 25 pounds of what's it called
crumbles so I went into the hen house
and there's probably about 25 pounds of
crumbles on the floor we know lovey is a
culprit of that she likes to scratch it
out and this will help prevent that loss
and reduce our cost for our birds
especially since we have so many of them
now don't forget to put a lid on it
because you don't want the chickens
getting in there and pooping and then
you can just hang it up in your henhouse
so that they don't knock it over and
they don't get their cedar chips in it
that is just so awesome hey inkay when
you can